everybody welcome back to normal and
please the binding - again forth plus
it's challenge time slow roll if I
remember correctly Ludo Dorito tears and
we're like if the shot speed is very
slow oh it's not even Ludo maybe we got
Ludo on our on our first attempt or
maybe I'm just mr. member age 83 7 ly pl
it's uh yet another mom only mom's only
don't think we have too much to worry
about here I mean our damage is a
hundred our rate of fire is justifiably
like extremely terrible but everything
else on this run is extraordinarily good
this doesn't strike me as one of the
ones that could have been difficult it
writes me as if I'm being straight up
with y'all it strikes me as a one of
those challenges that ends up making up
the first half of the video and then the
second half of the video is something
else altogether
well another challenge it's not like I'm
going to do half Isaac and then by the
way you know here's how I feel about
climate change that stuff takes place
within the Isaac episode and as a result
it doesn't need its own platform because
we've already got it covered
I am going to be a little aggressive
here kind of weird but I'm going to it
actually worked to at least get
something but I'm gonna play that to get
above five cents predominantly so that I
have the ability to get an arcade on the
next floor hold up I get it could be an
important message in this tab not an
important message says thank you for
your Steam purchase the email just came
light it's true I occasionally purchase
things on the online marketplace known
as steam might strike you as collusion I
mean after all we do both work in the
same industry Gabe and I I don't call
them gaben i call them Gabe because I'm
on a first-name basis not a first name
and first initial the last name sort of
basis which i think is less familiar but
I've actually never met him in my life
which that part probably does not
surprise you um I'll tell you what we
got to luck let's start gambling on this
bad boy right here
range up is fine I don't care about our
money because we don't have keys right
now we need keys to get into the shop to
spend our money on anything productive
in the first place so I don't really
care about picking up that other money
over there until we have keys I was kind
of hoping to get blood bag just in
general it tends to be a smart idea to
play oh my god it tends to be a smart
idea to play your blood banks
it's like eating your vegetables as a
kid so I'm hopeful that we can get
something to happen there but honestly
if we don't we're still pretty much one
tapping like every enemy that exists in
the game what was everyone's vegetable
experience as a kid like I'm being
straight up with you I did not eat
enough of my vegetable to get all owned
up to it I think in many ways you know
some people and I'll kill myself amongst
this group when you get older you kind
of like rebel against your past self I
used to be an extremely picky eater now
I'll eat basically anything I'll have
opinions on it as you can tell from
watching the NL SS but all that was so
dumb but I will eat essentially anything
I didn't used to like soup to watery
rice it's just too many of the foods to
consume at once
wonder if we can no there's no secret
room there obviously or there maybe
we'll just look for a second secret room
instead and as a kid I really only liked
like five vegetables maximum potatoes I
know people are going to say potatoes
don't count potatoes count it's it's not
a starch it's literally a vegetable if I
have to deal with people going oh well
you know the tomatoes technically a
vegetable than are technically a fruit I
should say that I'm going to you know
take credit where credit is due for at
least eating potatoes plus potatoes are
bad for you however historically they
were great for you I mean in today's
modern world we have no shortage of
opportunities to you know places to get
carbohydrates and vitamins from right
but back in the day at least this is
what my biology professor told me one of
my biology professors in college said
that basically like a half tablespoon of
butter and something like six or seven
potatoes a day in the medieval era gave
you all the nutrition
all twenty essential amino acids you
could survive on that for a long time as
long as you ate the skin you can fact
check that I didn't fact check it live I
just went wow this guy's got a job in
the industry and I don't so I believed
him but anyway long story short potatoes
of course they count corn carrots
cucumbers that actually might be it I
know you're going to say NL you forgot
lettuce no no lettuce not even on a
sandwich or an M burger I would go to
Subway I'd get like a turkey sandwich no
cheese I like cheese but I opted out of
the cheese on the sandwich no
ingredients except note like no toppings
except a little bit of mustard on top
that was like when I was 16 that was my
order there's no real reason to use here
right here we might again there's like
there's no real reason to stand around
either we got nothing to gain now I'll
leave basically anything but I gotta
admit is I wonder sometimes I'm not
ashamed of it on the internet everybody
six-foot-two right I I'm five foot ten
sometimes you know I can stretch it out
a little bit I'm not like five foot
eight and then I just say I'm five foot
tended to clutch numbers I'm five foot
ten probably around the average for my
age group maybe a little younger because
all these kids are you know drinking
Soylent as they grow up now I wonder you
think I could have hit like six foot I
think I could have been a professional
athlete if I ate more why why am I not
using IV bag here it could have been a
professional athlete perhaps if I had
consumed more vegetables as a kid you
got to wonder to what extent that
matters I'm pretty sure if you look at
like my caloric intake by the way I
don't blame my parents for this and I
don't mean to make this whole episode
about nutrition I'm trying to make it
funny I ate so many snacks and drank so
much fruit juice as a kid I think my
parents are from the era where their
parents they would wake up and be like I
don't like coffee is bad for you so I'll
just have like a coke
in the morning so they're like this is
where we're coming from here so I think
we've come a long way in three
generations is all I'm saying but
um careful um get in there that doesn't
bother me but yet long story short my
kids are going to eat vegetables I
eventually got all eat any vegetable now
there's a few I don't like I continue to
try to like mushrooms I just don't like
them one day perhaps I will there are
some days and some kinds of mushrooms
that I would never order them myself but
if they show up in the dish I'm like all
these mushrooms are not just palatable
they're good but for the most part not a
mushroom boy I got to admit maybe one
day but you know lettuce kale give me
some raw kale does not bother me you
know they say that nutrition is an
important part of child's upbringing I
grew up unlike concentrated mango juice
and tortilla chips so honestly I think I
turned out relatively well all things
considered but what my who knows maybe
it's a good thing you know the rock that
rock no the rock posted that video from
Vancouver and he said you know he played
a preseason game with the Calgary
Stampeders against the BC Lions he was
so excited to begin the first step of
his career and then two days later he
got cut with a terrible story right then
he said it was the best thing that never
happened to him and is like maybe having
a poor diet as a child is the best thing
that ever happened to me
because as a result of that I find
myself doing YouTube videos instead of
you know being like a third-string
starter in the National Lacrosse League
now look it's clear I don't understand
anything about lacrosse if you're
watching this in your professional or
semi-professional or aspiring lacrosse
player I'm not insulting you I'm just
saying I'm okay with where I'm at in
life and who knows that maybe McCain's
line of not quite sugar free unnatural
fruit juices where the were the reason
for that you know we'll never know
unless we get some kind of Ashton
Kutcher butterfly effect machine going
out but my kids are even broccoli I
don't think you have to desensitize or
wait the opposite I don't think I have
to sensitize your kids to eaten like you
know vegetables to get them to like it
because the first time I gave broccoli a
fair shake as an adult I was probably 19
and I ate it and I was like what do
people talk
well a Calise got a media problem
everyone's like you know I did George
Bush Senior
I will not Eve I he by the way man's got
a right he's an adult he can choose not
to eat his broccoli if he wants at the
same time what's this dog talking about
broccoli it's delicious
laws was not just boiled to smithereens
it's a wonderful poo I'm not even
talking about you know beef broccoli or
something like that either way some
vegetables get a bad rap
I still think kale gets a bad rap kales
just like firm lettuce in my mind
admittedly I'm from the west coast so
you know I'm opening myself up to all
sorts of like ooh can I get it can I get
a kale salad and a 1.8 million dollar
two hundred square foot apartment please
I'm from the west coast sure okay you
got me guy I wish I was the true
Canadian who lived somewhere not on the
west coast so I can make smug jokes
about everybody else and the
something-something Tim Hortons back
woods I don't know we're getting
uncomfortable here and the point is kale
gets an unfair rap in the same way that
like you know soy milk and veganism
stuff like that gets an unfair rap
people you might not like extol the
virtues of kale you find yourself not
liking it by association
that's petty you're becoming that what
you hate in that situation I encourage
you to try some that being said I am a
hypocrite still don't really like
cauliflower I've learned how to
pronounce it after many years on the
internet but I'm stant shake the specter
of cauliflower just being white broccoli
and like it did something about it I'm
just like just give me the unbleached
broccoli I know it's not what it is
they're both in the Brassica family but
it's just not for me it's broccoli but
worse which maybe that's exactly how you
feel about Kayla's lettuce foot worse
but come on dude get some vitamin K
they're rich leafy green a point is
vegetables I don't know dude
probably something better left to a
nutritionist to talk about I think
that's a fair assessment I'm not a
nutritionist I'm a nutrition nut the JV
lirik does not work there
I tried but not bad just nonsense of
nonsensical so this is our tenth
challenge and I'm really just pulling a
number out of my butt
but I think it's around there I would
put us about half ways and we haven't
completed them all some that we failed
on three of them I think that would put
us about halfway through the rebirth
challenges which is nice you know we
might at some point take a break from
the challenges to do some more normal
runs that keep in mind we got to do 31
Daly's at some point as well we could
just load those up in the background and
like turn them off as soon as we start
them not really something I'm interested
in doing I'd rather do them all on
camera if I'm gonna you know cheese it
again it's I'm taking a very Dormammu
ish approach to this like I'm not
concerned about the amount of time it
takes us to get to a million percent
nearly no one even if it takes us two
years it takes us two years you know
these Isaac episodes or the Isaac
episodes at this point have become like
a I don't know what else to record let's
record a bunch of Isaac you know take a
day revisit an old friend there's
certainly the games that allow me to go
most on the tangents for which I think
you know my commentary is most well
suited to a lot of people still enjoy
watching so you enjoy watching them I
enjoy making them dude kind of my slice
of life I also think like Isaac provides
a very important outlook for me or
outlet I should say for me in my life
right now and and that outlet is
appearing to be good at a video game I'm
not even being sarcastic but and and
allowing an opportunity to be myself or
at least a slightly less exaggerated
version of myself cuz on the N LSS I'm
always like you know oh hey Nick would
you put the cheese on the top of the
sandwich and then the bread or do you
put it below the meat and then
you know the meat on top of the cheese
and then the old dad's crazy what are
you will moron or something so yeah I
recognized you know I'm playing a little
bit of a character there uh and I mean
I'm just going to pop algae's Versailles
Emperor to be honest because we're about
to win it's not exhausting that's like
my favorite content to make I love the
collaborative stuff and the tangents we
can get into but the personality's
playing off of one another on the NL SS
but it's also nice to just be laid back
and you know consider multiple
viewpoints without the pressure of
having to you know fit that mold I
suppose and Isaac does a good job of
that plus as compared to Kerbal space
program I like actually know what I'm
doing so it's a nice opportunity for me
to actually feel like I'm good at video
games root we don't need to do boss rush
that's apparent at some point you might
choose to do boss rush for fun but those
are not the that's not the right
opportunity to do that need some oh oh
my tomo buddy you're like Pavlovian
condition here and it's annoying but
also very sweet when you move some mugs
out of the way so you can come on up
this cat used to come in here sleep in
his box he loved life now he comes in
here and just meows and meows and meows
until I pet him and he never gets over
it that was 15 actually computer-savvy
is also extremely easy I believe I don't
know why I said Savi so weird this is
like the all technology run Plus homing
tiers so we're like extraordinarily
strong and this one also only goes to
Mom's foot so we're like sitting
unbelievably pretty right now spirit
hearts yeah let's mix it up you know
take curse of the tower why not now of
course I made fun of my Tomo buddy my
pride and joy and then we just hanging
out he's just sleeping in his box first
off don't ever make me look like an
idiot again okay Tomo it's on undeserved
and uncalled for secondly who's a good
Tomo buddy he's looking at me he knows
he's the good Tomo buddy
I bring up the the height thing not
because I'm like paranoid about it but
height is like a weird thing on the
internet I think I just missed it I
always see people on Twitter calling
other people like manly and I oh you
know you're oh look at this guy he's
like a 5 foot 11 man lid and I'm like
what is everybody online like Leif
Eriksson or something like that they're
all like seven foot four like but from
an evolution standpoint one of the very
few things I'm even marginally qualified
to talk about it's really that and then
like overloading operators in C++ that
is the only stuff in my wheelhouse but
anyway evolutionarily we haven't evolved
in the past like you know 300 years to
get that much taller just doesn't work
on that speed due to the fact that human
beings largely are reproducing like once
every 20 minutes like bacteria but
anyway some of us you know some of us
are some of the sign empress world world
cards worth it and we'll take empress
with us as well
we should have just used bombs to get
into the secret room but again this
one's super easy so it must be like in
them again not a scientist but it must
be diet based you know your grandma you
know she's 4 foot 11 or something like
that right you grow to be six foot four
you think you you ain't got your
grandma's genes and they're
statistically you're like 12.5% grandma
not too weird you out maybe 25% grandma
it's been a while since I did the Gregor
Mendel you know punnett squares anyway
the point is you've been eatin some good
stuff lately man you got imagine like
some days I don't know if you guys get
this some days if I've been eating like
maybe a little bit too much fast food
when this happens a lot of that packs I
I get the feeling of being like not just
hungry but like malnourished I know
you're gonna say NL is a hangover
no no I'm aware of been through college
I know what a hangover is this is like
four days of not treating your body too
well you just get this weird like subtle
craving for vitamins like
like I'll have three glasses of water
and can you bring out like a salad and a
can of beans and then that's like all I
want right now and like two
multivitamins anyway so that happens as
like no consequence
long-term imagine being sold
not even malnourished necessarily that's
probably a loaded term but imagine
having like the kind of nutrition that
was actually like all your genes were
like you could get to like six feet but
because you know you grew up in the Dust
Bowl you're eating like you know I had a
lettuce a handful of salt in a pot of
soup yeah that's called like lettuce
bisque or something like that
it cuts like eight inches off your
height that's we've got to remember dude
like we live in interesting times I
don't think there's like any question
about that and as men it's like a little
bit of a I'm not going to say a
backhanded compliment because it's
really meant as an insult but anyway we
live in interesting times but on an
individual level most of us have still
got it pretty good I guess
they didn't even know either in fact
they're like oh thank God I got to you
know eat six potatoes and a pad of
butter today I get all 20 essential
amino acids 50 years later you're like
oh that explains why I'm you know five
foot tall soaking wet that's not how you
use that expression for anyone it's
interesting is all I'm all I'm saying
how environmental factors play into
physiology like that
brings me out to because I'm like I'm
old enough to not be part of the young
generation Daniels a semi a message on
Steam said Stadium status he's right but
I'm old enough to not be part of the
younger generation the up and comers I
wouldn't doubt that for a second I'm not
trying to say like you know at 28 I'm a
young man and you might say well my
grandma calls me young man and I'm 16
she's making funny oh you're such a
handsome young man she's being
patronizing you're still a child not in
like an offensive way I'm just enjoy
your youth wild lass
I am a man who was young very subtle
difference but the younger generation
sometimes I go outside it's like the
average 13 year old child is like my
height or taller it's very disconcerting
I feel like I'm being I feel like that
like it jerks
senator from the x-men movie who's like
you know he sees one mutant shoot
lightning bolts out of his hands and
then he goes oh we can't have that I
can't shoot lightning bolts out of my
hands and then magneto puts them in the
weird machine and he gets turned into a
melt man you know we've all been there
too who would really the Guster thank
you well this is like an extremely easy
run then I should not have popped that
right there but all right but you know
what more power to you because I went to
college still under the illusion that
there were jobs waiting for me and my
cohorts when we left if you're going to
college now at the age of 17 like you
just got the knowledge that it's all
sort of messed up and you're fighting
for yourself right we add the guinnesses
I'm saying this was a positive of our
generation we had the we had the
illusion we still had the like oh well
you know hey nice major leo tolstoy I
enjoy working at Starbucks but now I
think it's kind of shifted and they're
like whoa dude you got a job at
Starbucks work there until you die
because we don't know what's what's up
right now
plus they give you benefits so like ride
that train as long as you can
we're in this together right every
generations got their own thing as
opposed mostly I don't know maybe maybe
my generation hasn't even had its thing
yet that's the thing what was the thing
for my parents generation I don't know
you're probably going to say the 1960s
you know psychedelic era screw you I'm
not that old leaving my parents were
born in like 1940s they were hippies in
the summer love my son they're
relatively spry early 50s represent my
past him one day especially I didn't
think about the implications of that I
didn't think about the implications
moved a bit into deep loop as you
believe you look it's a me it's just
overkill by men at work saying we don't
know dude I hope I'm not here talking
about like only a you know the
employment crisis is the biggest thing
to face my generation and then like in
eight years from now you know Elon Musk
is leaving humanity in a cyber war
against you know sentient machines or
something like that I'm going to look
back on these comments and be like whoa
that was silly can't believe we were
worried about you know stagnating wages
when you know twenty years later we're
living in the sewers like mole rats
trying to fight back against t1000 who
knows Oh
I mean we're crushing it right now it's
not like we look I'm not even going to
go pick up three cents on this challenge
look at this this run is like beyond
sick now you can accuse me of rushing it
a little bit here but we're about to
have finished two challenges over the
course of 22 minutes so I'll probably
like 24 by the time we finish so I don't
think we've really rushed too much we've
just gotten probably the easiest
challenge in the game then like an
unbelievably strong version of
computer-savvy which is already really
strong in its own right so
yeah who knows dude basically that's my
my philosophy on things as who knows are
things that bad I don't know maybe I'm
kind of in a position where I can't tell
because for me I'm like how bad could it
be
there's Netflix is unlimited
entertainment for $12 and then people on
Twitter are like we're dying out here
and I'm like okay but like the answers
complain about it so much I'm not
actually saying that but it fits the
joke archetype so I'm going to say it
anyway so yeah like maybe I don't know
it's possible anything's possible and
then beyond that impossible is nothing
that's the adidas slogan can I ask you a
question from one millennial to another
series of Millennials is it adidas or a
DDoS because I have said adidas my whole
life we said it on the show once and
everyone laughed at me in Brazil perhaps
it's pronounced a DDoS I don't know feel
free to illuminate this for me I would
be eager to find out in the interim
period though because there's like a
backlog on Isaac episodes is actually
like shameful it makes me want to die
we're going to pick this up we've
already killed mom I some of this stuff
is good but there's like no reason
whatsoever to go for it
all right I'll do it we'll lean is to
Kings we really lead is to Kings but I
mean I want you to know I'm doing this
this is me punching the clock
basically because like this run is
beyond out of control good and we also
just won so we really the only thing we
can do by going on this run any longer
than we already have is ruin it that
being said it's going to be an easy
finish either way and did we only get to
do these challenges once we should enjoy
the
you know the novelty of it well it lasts
I think you could just like somehow
provide for me a better series of items
that would be lovely I don't know how
you would ever do that at this stage of
the game but that's okay
you know the most uncertain thing about
today's world man is like what's going
to be the next hot roguelite I guess
it's dead cells now you're gonna say
like whoa your backlog is long now I
haven't played dead cells in like two
months but then it did take the world by
storm for a while to do them I gotta
admit you know I'm happy for I've said
this so many times and its really
genuine
I'm happy for Eddie's working on other
stuff but there is also like a certain
lingering I wouldn't say emptiness but
like I'm kind of like when's the next
week is the roguelite boon over because
I still love the genre the reason I love
the genre is because it's so accessible
and I think it's really the easiest way
to describe it I love that you can play
a roguelike for nine hours and get a lot
of emergent if it's good at least you
get a lot of emergent gameplay stories
out of it
versus playing one game that is the
story programmed in for it in nine hours
you know if you're playing like a medium
length in the RPG or something like that
they both have their place you know
there's been so many great games this
year that I've I've enjoyed playing that
are more narrative focused like West of
loathing and pyre etc etc I'm kind of
open the rogue lights are here to say
you know we the reality of the situation
though is that the genre or the the
industry does go through valleys and
peaks you know crafting games were
enormous for a while still have an
impact of course for a while every
triple-a game was a first-person shooter
it at least it felt like from like 2008
to 2013 every triple-a game was a
first-person shooter or it was
assassin's creed those were the only
options that we had and then for
definitely for a couple years in the
indie game it definitely seemed like it
was just road lights non-stop to the
point that people were starting to make
fun of them and I understand why but
hopefully it still has enough influence
to stick around it's a mechanic I like
doesn't fit every game oftentimes you
know you can use rogue light as a bit of
a shorthand for lazy design but when it
works it works that you can't deny it
and thank God Isaac was built like that
so we get robo-baby 2.0 allows like not
worth our time but it's done so thanks
for watching hope you guys enjoy the
episode if you didn't click the like
button
how's that a great deal and of course
subscribe you won't see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time with probably
two more challenges statistically
speaking